[INTRO MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Well, most of us
are quite comfortable
with considering
the ubiquitous nature
of energy and how it
can be accessed and
used in our lives.
We're often less comfortable
with how it shows up as money.
Cynthia Sue Larson was
with us a couple of years
ago talking about
quantum jumping, how
space and time are not fixed.
In one of her other
books, she speaks
about how these
principles apply to money.
We're going to talk
about that, and we're
going to also go back into some
of what we talked about before.
Because this is just energy,
intention, money, love.
It doesn't really matter what
you're trying to manifest.
This particular book, which
I just thought was so sweet,
happens to be
dedicated to money,
which is the source of a lot
of stress in a lot of people's
lives right now.
So I thought, why not
apply the principles there?
But let's, first of
all, talk about those
who haven't seen
the first interview,
a little bit about your own
background in economics,
in science--
I mean, you have quite an
interesting background.
And so let's talk about
you for a moment first.
>>CYNTHIA SUE LARSON: Sure.
Well, I've got a physics
degree from UC Berkeley.
I started there.
And that was in response
to my lifelong interest
in the nature of reality.
So that was a good way to
explore the quantum physics,
especially, I thought
was most interesting.
And then after that, I
did get an MBA degree
and had a specialization
in information systems,
so that stood me in perfect
position to move into finance,
which I did.
So I worked in finance
for a number of years.
And that was my introduction
to money and working with it.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>LARSON: However,
as we both know,
I also am something of a
quantum mystic, you might say.
>>REGINA: Indeed.
Flipping back and forth
between time zones--
>>LARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: --all the time.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: Which is why
you are the only person
I know that doesn't have a
cell phone because you're still
living in, what, in 1960?
[LAUGHTER]
That's so funny.
>>LARSON: Yeah, well,
things do change for me.
And my comfort level has
considerably changed,
as this has been going on
for a number of years now.
But about 20 years ago in
the late 1990s or mid-1990s,
I started noticing that
things would change.
They would appear,
disappear, including money.
It's not so good when
it disappears, better
when it appears.
But it's fun to play with.
And that's been something
that I've been exploring along
with everything else.
>>REGINA: And that's really one
of the keynotes of this book
called "High Energy Money" is
that, yeah, it appears, and it
can disappear, but you say
the journey has to be fun.
This is really critical
in all things, right?
>>LARSON: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Because if there's
not the fuel of either passion,
joy, pleasure, something
of that nature that
makes you want to engage
with it-- you want to.
You don't have to make yourself.
It's not a discipline.
You want to engage with it.
You're not going to.
And that is the plasma
fuel of creation.
>>LARSON: Exactly.
So there needs to be that
true sense of, like you say,
fun, joy, excitement, passion.
And these are very
human qualities,
and we seldom really
link it up with money.
We don't tend to
think of it that way.
>>REGINA: We don't.
In fact, I think the predominant
emotion with most people
around money is probably fear.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Anxiety.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: Right?
>>LARSON: Right
>>REGINA: And then you're left
brain engages to problem-solve.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: The right brain is
usually completely shut out
because you're going to be some
whack job if you try to go off
the reservation, right?
>>LARSON: Well, I've
seen some amazing things
happen with money.
And because of
the reality shifts
that I've become
quite familiar with,
I just recognize, oh, good,
now I've got one with money.
Like, for example, when I
needed some money recently
and I didn't have enough in my
bank account, it's OK with me
when I can't track
how it came in.
But now, there's
extra money there.
>>REGINA: Don't you call the
bank and say, I'm so sorry;
this must be an error?
>>LARSON: I go
through line by line
online with every
single transaction,
every single thing,
just tracking it
against my checking book.
>>REGINA: But If there's
extra money there,
you don't tell him to
take it back, do you?
>>LARSON: Well, it's
like a rising tide--
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>LARSON: So it's like, I
figure everybody's doing fine.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>LARSON: There's no trace
that it came from anywhere.
And this does actually happen.
>>REGINA: I know.
We're going to get into
some really kind of fun
examples of this in your book.
But again, I want to get
back to the quantum physics
realm of it, kind of
the mechanics of that,
and how it works, and
how time is not really
as much a factor except
in our own perception.
I've worked this hard.
It's next Tuesday.
I'm going to get my paycheck.
It will stretch this far.
And that's all you've got.
And if you run out at
the end of the month,
you freak out until the
cycle starts all over again--
in the lives of many, many,
many people on this planet,
most people on this planet.
>>LARSON: Right.
Right.
That's not a good way to live.
I think we can agree with that.
I can personally
attest to the fact
that you don't need to obsess
with that level of angst
and anxiety related to
what seems like lack.
Because the lack is just--
it looks real, but
what we're learning
about the nature of reality is
that there's consciousness that
is the most fundamental thing.
And that's what quantum
physics shows us.
Even the founder of quantum
physics, Max Planck,
actually said, "Consciousness
is fundamental."
Nothing can get
behind consciousness.
That's the primary field.
That's what's there first.
>>REGINA: So it sounds like the
first order of business before
anyone tackles this subject--
or even if they don't
tackle it this way,
by way of this conversation
but in their own lives
is to understand--
we call it miracles.
You know, you can just
say an alternate reality.
These things come to
pass all the time.
People are always
surprised, saying,
I swear to God I
didn't put that there.
I have a couple of examples
just off the top of my head
that are kind of filtering
back in right now, where,
say, a piece of jewelry
that's been missing--
in fact, one time it
happened here at Gaia.
I lost a gold earring, right?
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And I
happened to like it.
It was my favorite pair,
but I lost it, right?
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: Now I looked all
over the office to put it
on before the show that
day, nowhere to be found,
nowhere to be found.
And then, I talked to the
man who was the maintenance
person who vacuums at night.
He said, never saw it.
And about three or
four months later,
it showed up in the
middle of the floor.
>>LARSON: Wow.
>>REGINA: In the
middle of the floor.
>>LARSON: Where it
could never have been.
>>REGINA: Could never have been.
>>LARSON: It would
have been vacuumed.
>>REGINA: Because I
would have walked over it
with so many other
people many, many times
in the intervening
months, but there it is.
And that's just a tiny example.
But those things do happen
with some regularity
in all of our lives, right?
>>LARSON: For me,
quite a bit yes.
>>REGINA: What is
happening there?
>>LARSON: Ha-ha.
[LAUGHTER]
You go straight to the jugular.
>>REGINA: Yeah, let's go for it.
>>LARSON: OK.
Well, my best take on this
is that we're actually
living not so much in
the classical realm,
but in a quantum realm.
And it's not at all like
what you see in the movies,
with "Ant-Man", where
there's that "quantum realm."
What I'm actually saying is
that the quantum is everything.
And the classical
is the special case.
So when things are
in a solidified,
seemingly, here it is,
solid, you can knock on it--
>>REGINA: Which is what
you call "classical?"
>>LARSON: Yes.
So the classical logic--
OK, let's go into that.
That's material realism.
That's where you say,
only matter matters.
You only have a local
effect on things.
The observer, as we
know through science,
you can conduct an
experiment and fully expect
that you'll get the
same outcome even
when you repeat the experiment.
But now, we're
hearing that there's
a reproducibility crisis
and scientists are not
able to reproduce
their experiments.
But these are old assumptions
from the classical way
of thinking.
We have Boolean logic
with true and false.
But with quantum,
then it's much more--
>>REGINA: True and false.
>>LARSON: Yes, true and
false-- not true, not false.
So you're in a much bigger
field of possibility.
And all of these things--
it also includes entanglement.
So this is where we get into
the way we think as humans.
So if we're given a test--
psychologists love to give
people tests to find out,
how do we think?
And if you use regular
classical logic and you do the--
I forget.
It's the prisoner dilemma.
Have you heard about this?
>>REGINA: Tell me.
Refresh me if I don't know.
>>LARSON: OK, two
people like you
and I are arrested
and apprehended.
This is in an
artificial situation.
So we're not really arrested.
It's make believe.
But we're told
separately, we're informed
that if I rat you out and,
basically, say something,
then I'll be set
free, and you'll get
the full penalty of whatever.
And same thing they
tell you, and we
can't talk to each other.
But if we're also told that if
we both don't reveal anything,
they'll let both of us go.
There's no reward, but there's
no penalty for either of us.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>LARSON: Classical
logic expects
that 10% of the time, people
would be doing the noble thing
and saying, like, I'm not
going to say anything.
But actually, what
happens is 40%
of the time the experimental
subjects both decide
independently of each
other, because they
can't talk to each other--
>>REGINA: To rat each other out?
>>LARSON: But
they're not going to.
They're not going
to say anything.
They're not going for the reward
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LARSON: It's not worth it.
They're just saying, I'm
not going to say anything.
The book might get thrown at me.
I'll get locked up.
But I'm not going to do that.
I'm just going to--
>>REGINA: No, no,
that makes sense.
Of course.
>>LARSON: Of course.
It's human sense.
That's what I would do.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LARSON: But
that's not expected
through classical logic.
So we're in a
classical logic world.
This does relate to money.
Because I think our
concept of money
often gets mired down with
these old, out-of-date ideas
from, basically, classical
physics and material realism.
And now what we're learning,
thanks to quantum physics
and quantum logic, is that
we have a much more human way
of doing things.
We can collaborate
with each other.
We can recognize that even
though we're separated,
we're not talking to each
other, but we are connected.
And we can work in cahoots, even
though there's no connection,
no official communication
needs to happen,
but we're still
working together.
And this is big.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
With that said, let's
talk about how these--
what we consider these
anomalies occur, such
as I talked about the earring
was gone, and it reappears.
Money's gone or it just appears.
People say, this isn't possible.
How is this possible?
Now, as a quantum
physicist, explain to us
how this is actually working.
Because we've been
raised in the world
of scientific
materialism, people
need some kind of validation
that this principle-- even
just the principle, even
if you can't see it,
actually works so they can
buy into the rest of the story
oftentimes.
>>LARSON: Right.
OK, well, one principle
that helps clarify it
is the quantum
superposition concept.
And that is, it's gaining
ground among scientific circles.
So more and more
physicists agree
that you, and I, and
everyone, and everything
exists in a superposition
of states, which means--
>>REGINA: And explain
what that means.
>>LARSON: Ha-ha, yes.
OK.
Well, within just
regular physics,
that means that a particle would
be either spin up or spin down,
but it can be actually
both-- spin up and spin down.
Its in a superposition
of states.
What it feels like is you're
flipped a coin in the air,
and it's just spinning.
>>REGINA: So it's in a
field of possibility.
>>LARSON: Field of possibility.
>>REGINA: It's
only a possibility.
>>LARSON: That's right.
>>REGINA: So everything we
are sitting here right now,
we can go any
number of direction.
>>LARSON: That's right.
>>REGINA: Because
it's all possibility.
>>LARSON: Exactly.
>>REGINA: It's just that
through whatever dynamic that
has been set into motion, here
we are talking in this moment.
>>LARSON: That's right.
And so some of the
current scientists who
are looking at the way
we think, our cognition,
they're finding that our
cognitive processes definitely
model quantum ones.
So that means we're able to
be entangled with one another,
to consider relationships
that matter to us instead
of just thinking of
everything like a robot would.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
Which we're kind of headed
toward on some levels,
it sounds like.
Yeah.
>>LARSON: So the good news
is, with the superposition
of states, we're capable,
then, of recognizing
that there's always
that path less traveled,
but we can take it.
We can take that
path less traveled.
We can go a different way.
>>REGINA: So we have the
superposition, right?
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Everything
is in a state
of possibility or potential,
up or down, right?
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: What is
it that ultimately
drives the up or down
button in a given moment?
>>LARSON: And then, we're
back at consciousness--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LARSON: --and the observer.
And this is a very big idea.
We think we know what
"observer" means,
but we often don't realize
just how big it really is.
Because we are entangled
with one another.
We're a part of our
family way of thinking.
So when it comes to money, we
might be, without realizing it,
playing out some of the
very same energy patterns
that we've seen modeled
in our childhood.
>>REGINA: Yes,
and on that model,
let's talk about
with the observer--
because many of the
people viewing this
have read books on
quantum physics.
And they understand more from
a classical point of view
what the observer means
in a strict experiment.
So maybe start from there
to the nuanced version
of what an observer actually
is in our total reality.
>>LARSON: Gotcha.
This is big.
This is huge.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LARSON: OK, so starting with
the double-slit experiment--
let's start there.
So this is for someone
who doesn't know anything
about this strange quality
of quantum particles.
And I'm using the word
"particles" with quotes on it.
>>REGINA: Because
it could be a wave.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: It could
be a particle.
>>LARSON: And this experiment,
which was originally designed
by [INAUDIBLE], was found--
I'll describe the apparatus.
It involves one observer who
is watching particles of light,
for example,
photons, that can go
through either one
or another slit
and then land on a
screen in the background.
So as the photons are flying--
they're coming through--
so it's like being emitted
from a particle emitter going
through one of two little slits
and then landing on a screen.
Well, the physicists expected,
when they ran the experiment,
was that there would be a
particle nature of the photon--
that it would just go through
whichever slit it went through
and leave a little splat
right there behind the slit.
But instead, they can just be
emitting, even a single photon,
seems to interfere
with itself and create
kind of a wave pattern
on the screen, which
is like if you throw
two pebbles in a pond,
you get concentric ripples
that interfere with each other.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LARSON: Destructive and
constructive interference
pattern.
So this is the observer effect
because when the observer then
chooses to start monitoring, OK,
I'm going to find out exactly
which of these two slits
that photon went through,
I'll put a particle
detector on that slit.
Then, you'll get a result.
It's as if the photon
knows what you're doing.
And suddenly, it
looks like paintball,
and you've got a little
pattern of splats
right behind that slit.
>>REGINA: It's interfacing
with the consciousness
of the observer.
>>LARSON: Right.
And so then, now, let's move
on to Schrodinger's cat--
take a look at that.
This is a hypothetical
experiment.
Because Schrodinger
was a physicist who
was wondering what
would happen if you
take this situation
with quantum physics
and take it to the
classical level.
And he felt like it becomes
ridiculous very quickly.
He said, this is ridiculous.
Because if you've got
radioactive material that's
randomly deciding
when it's going
to trigger a little mechanism
to break a glass vial of poison
inside of a little sealed
compartment that a cat is in,
what you're saying is the
cat is both alive and dead.
And that can't be.
That was what he was saying.
He said, this is
really ridiculous.
But that is what quantum
physics is saying.
This is exactly it--
that we are putting that cat
in the state of superposition.
And until that moment that
you actually open the box
and take a look, it
is alive and dead.
It's like, it's everything.
It's in a field of possibility.
>>REGINA: Yes.
So now, we'll just
talk about a fun thing.
>>LARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So one of the
examples you used in your book--
before we get into
the rest of it.
First of all, the story
you tell us a little kid,
you printed money.
You were like the neighborhood
banker for the other kids.
>>LARSON: So much fun--
just to play.
>>REGINA: So there
was this one example
you used in your book of a
woman who had a child with them,
and they didn't
have enough money
to put a tip down as I recall
or something like that.
>>LARSON: That was
me with my daughter.
>>REGINA: Oh, was that you?
I didn't know it was you.
I thought it was someone else.
>>LARSON: Actually,
this happened.
Yes!
>>REGINA: OK, so you didn't have
enough to do the full tip you
wanted to do, right?
>>LARSON: Right, right.
Because I wanted
to pay with cash,
and I didn't quite bring
enough cash for the tip.
So I thought, oh, gosh,
but my daughters--
they've been growing up
with this whole thing,
so they're quite used to
me talking about this.
I know.
So perfect.
Kids are perfect anyway--
but my kids doubly so.
They're like really perfect.
But I didn't know this
was going to happen.
So what happened next is I
looked at both of my daughters.
And I said, well, you know what,
I think I'll shut my wallet,
and I'll open it again,
and we'll look again.
Maybe we'll find
another $1 bill.
Because I just
pulled out a $1 bill.
And sure enough, there
was another $1 bill.
And they both squealed with
excitement and happiness.
Yay!
I said, well, I'm
going to shut it again.
What do you think?
Should we try to see if we open
it and get another dollar bill?
They said, yes!
And I just kept
pulling $1 bill--
it was like a magic trick--
after $1 bill, after $1
bill out of that wallet.
So yes, this can happen.
It's happened to me.
>>REGINA: Yes.
I love that story.
>>LARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And it
looks like magic--
>>LARSON: It does.
>>REGINA: But it's not.
>>LARSON: It's the real thing.
Yes.
There were no $1 bills.
It was an empty wallet--
>>REGINA: Manifested
in a physical sense,
it was a wallet.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: So are you
saying that there
was a coalescence
of information that
created a physical substance?
Or did it jump time lines?
>>LARSON: Well, that's
a good question.
And to me, it seems
like it's that--
you call it "jump timelines."
And to me, it's just
recognizing that there can
be a superposition of states.
My wallet can be in
a state where there's
yet one more dollar bill here.
And OK, there's one more.
OK, there's one more.
And just one at a
time until I get
the correct amount for the tip.
>>REGINA: Well, and this is the
part where people's minds are
like, yeah, but did it just
like create itself suddenly
inside your wallet?
How did it even get there?
>>LARSON: You're
thinking too much.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
But that's what
it's like, right?
>>LARSON: It's a good question.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
That's the part
that stumps people
is, do you just kind of--
are you just shifting to another
time frame of possibility--
or just another
possibility, forget time.
Because time is
irrelevant, right?
Right, right.
>>LARSON: Well, I do
see it as shifting
to another possibility.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LARSON: And I do
feel like it happens
best when you're having fun.
Like, I was in a perfect
mood when that was happening.
That really does help.
Because all the
best stuff happens
when you're feeling grateful
and you're just feeling happy.
>>REGINA: It can.
Back to the very beginning
of the conversation,
you were happy.
It was playful.
It was fun.
It was exciting for your kids.
There was a lot of
very positive, loving
emotional energy that went
into that-- that exciting
expectation.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: And so this
has also happened
when you were excited
about going on a vacation
and you were about
$1,000 short as I recall.
>>LARSON: Ah, that
was a good one This
has happened a couple of times.
Recently, it happened again.
That was-- yes.
Now, we're talking about the
rising tide lifting all ships.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LARSON: Because I thought,
well, I'll go on this vacation
if I had $1,000 extra,
but otherwise, this
can't happen because
I've got to be practical.
I've got to cover
expenses and so forth--
you know, the regular,
day-to-day mindset
that we're talking about.
Yes.
But I thought if it should
happen, that would be great.
And so I kept
being in that, that
would be great state of mind.
And I'm sure that had everything
to do with it-- just feeling,
because that's the key.
If I were to feel worried
about it, like, oh gosh--
>>REGINA: I'm not going
to get an extra $1,000.
>>LARSON: Right.
If I was in that mindset,
and there's a whole bunch--
there's a lot to it.
It's not just your mindset.
It's your heartset.
It's your gutset.
It's all of you, which I get
into in "High Energy Money--"
all the levels
that we think with.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Yes.
And so you had money
show up in your bank
account, just
digits on a screen.
Hey, people on Wall
Street do it every day.
>>LARSON: That's right.
>>REGINA: --manipulate
digits on the screen.
>>LARSON: Yes, they do.
>>REGINA: They do.
But you're doing it in
a little different way.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LARSON: Again, it just looked
like it had always been there.
So I was tracking
back like there--
I thought the same thing
that you mentioned earlier.
This could have
been a bank error.
I used to work for a bank.
So I'm looking closely.
When did this happen?
Well, I know when
I didn't have it.
Now I know when I do have it.
Let's look at
everything in between.
Let's go back farther.
It was always there.
What the heck?
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: I love it.
Well, I mean, if we stop
talking at this moment,
people would be left
with, really, more
than we can take in on
just a left-brain level.
We have to open ourselves
up to that possibility.
So let's talk about
all the ways in which--
you were talking
about the body works--
the brain, body,
heart matrix work.
>>LARSON: Well, when
we think about money,
we tend to get up in our heads.
And then, we neglect how we're
actually feeling about it.
We neglect our gut feelings
about what we really need.
So when you've got money,
you tend to be in your head,
and you tend to be thinking
about what you think you need.
But that kind of mindset
is not fully balanced,
and it doesn't tend to
produce the best results.
It tends to leave
people feeling like they
didn't get what they wanted and
they don't have what they need.
Even if they get
all that money, this
is where you get
millionaires that
feel like they're poor because
someone has more than they do.
>>REGINA: Like J. Paul
Getty, that film--
that was one of
the saddest things.
>>LARSON: So said.
>>REGINA: When someone
said, how much is enough?
This is your grandson.
Can't you put the ransom
up for your grandson?
And the man said,
how much is enough?
And he said, never.
There's never enough.
And that was-- he was
considered one of the wealthiest
men in the world.
That's a different mindset.
He did accumulate wealth, but
what a sadness associated it--
>>LARSON: There's
a tragedy there.
And you can feel
it, you can see it.
So it's out-of-balance
condition.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LARSON: And so you're in
balance when what you need,
and what you want, and what
you think that you are going
after--
you're bringing
it all together--
you've got your
feelings together.
>>REGINA: To be satisfied.
>>LARSON: Yes, you're
all of one piece.
And that's often not the case
with money for a lot of people.
We tend to get
tangled up, and we
take our feelings about money
and sort of contort them
and twist them.
So this is a process of
untwisting it and getting
it straightened out again.
So money is just
something-- it's
another form of
energy, something
you can enjoy, have fun with.
>>REGINA: Mm-hm.
Instead of letting
it go all the way
down to a physiological
level, where people actually
lose their health over money.
>>LARSON: They do.
Yes.
>>REGINA: It can go into,
really, an organic--
into your organs themselves.
>>LARSON: Right.
But it's not so much the
money that's doing that.
>>REGINA: No, it's the fear.
>>LARSON: Right, its the
people's reaction, too--
what they perceive.
And I wish people could just
detach from that and realize,
you're OK.
You're fine just as you are.
Everything's fine.
>>REGINA: Yes, and as you say,
and this is called "High Energy
Money" because it requires high
frequencies within yourself
to be able to manifest the
things that you're desiring,
right?
>>LARSON: Right.
And also, the key is
stepping back and observing
that you're not your thoughts.
You're not your feelings.
This also gets to the next step
after the Schrodinger cat box,
which is, when you've
got an observer observing
the observer, then you've
got an entangled system.
And this gets into some big
stuff about entanglement,
but it's the key
to why people find
sometimes law of
attraction doesn't work
or they think it doesn't work.
And this relates to
how well-connected
and how those
connections you have
with your family, with
their thought patterns,
your colleagues, their thought
patterns, your friends,
their thought patterns-- it's
all going to have an effect.
But you need to step
back from that in order
to really be at peace with
the whole thing, whatever
it is-- in this case, money.
>>REGINA: This is so true.
Because whatever resonant
field you're projecting
is going to become
entangled with
or go into resonance with
the like in someone else.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And that's why you can
have it where someone becomes
the skunk at the picnic.
Everyone's having a
good time, someone
comes in furious,
angry, bitter, and just
can drop a bomb in
the middle of it
and entangle everybody else's
field because it's lowering,
the shock is
lowering their fields
to where you're all on
the same level suddenly.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: I to go home early.
This doesn't feel good anymore.
And this happens in minor ways.
Really, almost
minute by minute, it
can be as we're
walking through life.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: You don't know
who you're standing next to,
and they can take you
high as a kite, too.
>>LARSON: Yeah, and you
notice that at the picnic.
But what you don't
tend to notice
is when it's just-- you
think it's just you,
but it's never just you.
That's what I'm saying.
It's never just you.
It's always everybody that
you're connected with.
And all those thought patterns
and the way all of that
is moving together,
you need to step back
from that to really be
an observer of that.
And when we do that, then--
and you feel grateful,
and recognize
that you are consciousness,
miracles happen, basically.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And so what happens when
you get into a situation,
say, where you're from a
family, where money is God?
Get your degree so you can
earn the most amount of money,
and blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah.
And that becomes the guiding,
godlike force in your life.
In that situation, oftentimes
people like J. Paul Getty
can draw a lot of money
to them through a lot
of left-brain
processes and so forth.
But still, something
doesn't feel good about it.
There's a flaw in the
system, the process.
>>LARSON: Right, This is
the lack of full integrity.
It's not integrating
everything in the being.
So this is where it leads to
just all kinds of problems.
I didn't know this
individual, so I don't want
to say anything bad about him.
But it sounds to me-- and
I haven't seen the movie.
But I do know--
I'm familiar with
the history of it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LARSON: Well, I
think most of us are.
>>REGINA: This was
the J. Paul Getty?
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: And then the
kidnapping of his grandson.
Yeah.
>>LARSON: So great
prosperity of that nature
can attract negative
events sometimes.
And then how we move
through that is--
I'm not judging him.
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah, no.
He said he felt like the
loneliest man in the world.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: Because everybody
wanted something from him.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And yet there was
never even enough for himself
in his own mind.
>>LARSON: Exactly.
So this is the problem
that can occur,
and it's important,
therefore, to be balanced,
to look within yourself.
What do you actually need?
>>REGINA: What do
you actually want--
and need, right, exactly.
>>LARSON: And what are
you actually feeling?
And so you need to integrate
all those levels together.
Then, everything clicks.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK, let's start back for
just a minute because it's so
fun what you learned
as a little kid
when you were printing money.
>>LARSON: Well,
that was a blast.
>>REGINA: No kidding.
But you learn some things,
which obviously helped
you and your future trajectory.
>>LARSON: Yeah, well,
it was interesting,
because I would be just--
what happened-- I should back
up a little bit and explain--
the children in the
neighborhood would--
they wanted to make things
and barter but some of that
wasn't working too well.
So one child might
bring crackers,
and another one would
bring some lemonade
and so forth, yet a third
one would bring something
that they'd made.
And they wanted to--
it was like a
little marketplace.
And it was so much fun.
But I noticed that it would
be helpful to have money.
And so I thought, well, I can
just print money, and hand this
out, and people can then
make their exchanges better.
But then, I was
also becoming a bank
because they weren't
very good at keeping
track of their money.
It was all going
all over the place.
>>REGINA: But well,
now-- what gave you
the idea-- they
couldn't just exchange
a cracker for lemonade.
Why did they need the money?
Why did you perceive they
needed this interim thing?
>>LARSON: Because sometimes--
>>REGINA: Unit of exchange.
>>LARSON: Yeah, because
sometimes they didn't like--
they wanted to be a
middleman in something.
I can't remember
the example exactly.
But they might have
yarn and someone else
is making the yarn
into something.
It becomes easier to
have the money than--
>>REGINA: Trying to figure out
these bartering arrangements.
>>LARSON: Yeah, and
I'll take that cracker,
but I need to give
the yarn to them.
But this isn't fair.
I can't let go of the yarn,
but that person needs it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and I'm hungry.
>>LARSON: And I'm hungry.
Right.
And so little scuffles
would break out.
And I thought, well, if we have
money, we can resolve that.
We can just agree
that this is working.
>>REGINA: How old were
you about this time?
>>LARSON: Maybe eight or nine.
Yeah, something like that.
It was fun.
>>REGINA: So you
created the money.
And then, what did you notice
the effect of that was?
>>LARSON: Well, it was
interesting because people
seemed to--
lots of things happened.
They seemed to need,
like, more and more.
And that was weird.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
suddenly, they need more?
They were fine before.
>>LARSON: Yeah, they
were fine before.
But now, they need their money.
That was one observation.
I'm trying to remember
what I wrote in the book.
>>REGINA: As the banker, you
were making money off of it?
>>LARSON: Yes.
And I felt weird.
I felt like this is kind
of-- there's something
wrong about this.
>>REGINA: Well, you can
print as much as you want.
>>LARSON: I know!
OK, so I was kind of like the
National Reserve or something--
the treasury.
>>REGINA: Federal Reserve.
>>LARSON: It was weird.
Yes, the Federal Reserve.
I started feeling a
little bit ethically off.
And I just wanted to
walk away from it.
But people felt like,
no, you're the banker.
Like, oh boy, how did I
end up in this position?
>>REGINA: I love it.
How did that experiment end?
You just grew up or what?
>>LARSON: Yeah, I grew up.
It was a summer thing,
so school started.
And I didn't bring it up again.
Let's not do that again.
Because I get stuck
being the banker.
It was fun while it lasted.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Well, no, it's interesting
because the need, the desire,
abundance was creating a
need for more abundance.
>>LARSON: That was weird.
>>REGINA: It was psychologically
growing on itself, I need more.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: With little kids,
unconscious of these dynamics.
>>LARSON: That was
weird to see that.
Right, it wasn't like
full-blown experiment.
We're talking just
a few children here
in the neighborhood.
But absolutely.
It seemed like people
felt an intrinsic need
that, I need more.
If I've got this, you
need to print more money.
That's the part I didn't like.
Like, why am I printing
all this money?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>LARSON: Why do
we need so much?
>>REGINA: Right.
No, I thought it was
very interesting because
from the mouths of babes,
it turns into a dynamic
that happens as adults as well.
>>LARSON: That's true.
>>REGINA: And
between governments
and on larger and corporate
levels and so forth.
>>LARSON: And it's not
addressed in our schools.
We don't get into any of that.
>>REGINA: We don't get into it.
So one of the questions
along the way in your book
that you suggest we posed to
ourselves is how good can life
get?
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: And you look
at it and think, oh,
well that's a nice, little
new-age mantra or whatever.
And you can look at it
that way as just something
simple like that and
just, yeah, right, right.
But if you actually engage with
the energy of that sentence,
it brings up
everything inside you.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: It brings up your
imagination, creativity,
limitation, fear--
definitely, like I
said, the limitations
we put on ourselves, the
boxes we have put ourselves.
And so I found it--
I just loved just
sitting down and playing
with that notion
for a little bit
to see all of the areas of
the psyche and the emotions
that it activates.
So tell us about that.
>>LARSON: Well, for me,
this is the key that
goes hand-in-hand with
our identity, who we are,
and that ability to step
back, not be the thoughts,
not be the feelings, just
always being the observer,
being the ultimate observer
as much as possible.
And when you do
that, then you're
actually exploring
how good it can get.
You're recognizing
that you start
feeling all these other
possibilities that do exist--
that you don't--
>>REGINA: If you allow yourself.
It's audacious because
a lot of people
will not allow themselves
to go very far beyond--
like, well, I would love
to pay my car off instead
of making payments.
And that's about as far, maybe,
as someone's comfortable going.
Because they can't believe
that more is possible-- again,
this restricted thinking that's
often cultural, familial,
and so forth.
>>LARSON: But I've seen the
biggest shifts in my life
when I use this open-ended
approach with the combination
of that and gratitude.
Then, you'll see reality
shifts miracles that
are just off-the-charts good.
And you don't need
to be afraid of them.
That's the other big thing.
I think a lot of people-- they
feel frightened, like you said.
There's a fear of success.
And, like, what does that mean?
But if you just
recognize that there's
a level of
consciousness, a level
of awareness that
knows what good
is, that you can co-create
with that ultimate level
of goodness.
>>REGINA: OK, so that
brings up another conundrum.
How do we access what is
true within ourselves then?
Because someone might say,
OK, the sky's the limit.
I want to have a
mansion in Miami.
mansion in Hawaii.
And you start kind of going
nuts on the material level.
That's how good life can get.
>>LARSON: That's what
they think they want.
>>REGINA: They think they want.
>>LARSON: That's in their head
and great job acting it out.
Because I don't feel from that
that's in their heart at all.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And so this becomes
the other layer
of answering that question.
After you go through all
the fantasy and everything,
what do you use
as your mechanism
that you might share with other
people for discerning the truth
of more the heart than
the mind and its fancies.
>>LARSON: Well, the heart--
one quick way is
just to recognize
what matters most to you.
What are you really living for?
Probably, it's not
that mansion or having
the most money or the
most toys, or any of that.
It's probably connections
and relationships with people
that you love, hopefully--
and if not that, then maybe
your pet or something.
>>REGINA: Right.
And so that dream might
look something like,
oh god, I'd love to take
my whole family on a trip
together somewhere
where we could all
be together for a week, right?
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: That might be a
dream that would come out
from the heart, right?
>>LARSON: Yes, that
sounds much more like it.
>>REGINA: Which is
what you did, right?
>>LARSON: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And the money
showed up in that case.
We can't say it's going to
happen that way all the time
because there's--
you don't have filters that
other people have, either.
You've been many, many
years using all of these--
>>LARSON: Right.
This is about 20 years
in on my journey.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>LARSON: And the other thing
is need, what you need, and just
recognize that that greater
sense of goodness knows.
It's kind of like recognizing--
it's observing--
this consciousness
that is the base root of all
that is also aware that you
don't really need 10 mansions.
I mean, I wouldn't even be so
silly as to say something like.
If my heart's not in it.
I don't need it.
>>REGINA: I have
heard people say that.
>>LARSON: I've heard it, too.
>>REGINA: And it's
like, wow, OK.
If it'll float your boat
and make your heart happy,
but then when you--
as soon as you bring up
the word "need," now, we--
equals oftentimes fear.
>>LARSON: Right.
Because now, we're
in the subconscious.
We're getting into areas that
people often don't look at.
These are shadow issues.
And they may not have addressed
some of their neediness.
Because it's not OK to
be needy in society,
dare to act out in that way.
People feel that way.
They don't look at these things.
>>REGINA: Yes, yeah.
And so you have to be able to
take that on and know where
that fear just jumped up from.
You have to be able to
connect with the feeling
of the heart of what really,
really matters to you.
What does matter?
And so once the need part
is adequately covered--
because I bet you that almost
nobody watching this show has
gone hungry in a long time--
has even probably missed a
meal unless they're dieting.
And so what we think we need,
as you say-- is usually some--
it's a generated fear that
oftentimes is generational.
It's been passed on to
us on a lot of levels--
I need this.
And the fear has been
passed on with it.
So that requires some unwinding.
>>LARSON: It does.
So meditation can help when
we recognize that we're
able to take that step back.
Even if we don't know what's
going on, we just feel like,
whoa, my heart's racing.
Something's going on here.
Something's coming up--
asking how good can it get,
and then feeling fear.
What's that about--
or just feeling
like I'm facing a situation
and thinking in terms of lack.
Why am I thinking that?
And you don't need to
know all the answers.
But just the process of
stepping back and asking,
OK, how good can it get?
I don't know what that is.
Let's find out.
Because, like you said,
I haven't been starving.
Hopefully, the viewers have not
been in that position recently.
And so if you've
got your health,
then that's quite a bit.
Even if you're not
fully healthy but you've
got most of your health,
that's really good.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
>>LARSON: So it's about starting
from that place of gratitude.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And then as far as the rest--
again, maybe that is a--
maybe this one little
subject, how good can it get,
is the key question
in life, where
we do start the process
of unraveling the rest
and saying, wow, I can't believe
that I'm getting this feeling
about this and this neediness.
And where is that coming from?
Maybe you're going
to get a flash.
Oh, I remember when my mom
always used to say this,
you know?
Money doesn't grow on trees.
And we don't have enough
for the end of the month.
And you start getting maybe
some impressions from the past
as to what's driven this.
And then, you can
start consciously
untangling yourself.
Is that my story?
Do I need to
continue living that?
And so then you're
ready to start going
into the happy part of it.
Well, what does my heart want?
But it almost is like there's
a little subconscious cleaning
up.
>>LARSON: There's a process.
Exactly.
And I do get into that in the
book, "High Energy Money."
So it starts to identify where
those little beliefs are,
and then you can create
your own fixes for them,
affirmations that work for you,
and just flip things around.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>LARSON: It does help to
take a close look at that
but then not dwell on it
once you've looked at it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, just to praise
it and start untangling it.
And one of the things you
also share in the book
is that when people
manifest and are
able to share that on some
level, as a gift to someone
or share in a larger--
a societal way even
with other people,
that their level of life
satisfaction and happiness
almost inevitably
seems to go up.
>>LARSON: It does.
And I believe that part of
this has to do with gratitude.
Because then, you can feet--
it's like a mirror-neuron thing.
You can feel their gratitude
so then you're grateful,
and you get a big boost of
that wonderful gratitude.
>>REGINA: Now this is just a
quirky little part of the book.
It's a part of the
flow of the story.
But I thought it was interesting
because it is so quirky--
about what our idea
of money and value is.
And that has to do with the Yap
islanders, and their version
of money, and how
they were motivated
to work together on this
particular project and all
this.
But let's talk about
what money looks
like among the Yap islanders.
>>LARSON: Oh, this is amazing.
>>REGINA: And where are they?
Where are the Yap
islanders to begin with?
>>LARSON: Well they're up on
an island in the Pacific Ocean.
So it's a pretty
remote location.
And so there's a little
series of islands out there.
And the islanders
came up with the idea
to show their wealth and
their riches in the form,
not of coins like we know it
or anything small or shells
like you might
expect, but instead,
of these gigantic, large round--
I think they're volcanic stones.
They're huge.
They're bigger than a person.
>>REGINA: Is it like a disk?
>>LARSON: Yes, it's
a huge standing disk.
It's too big to move.
So you can't just put it
in your wallet or purse.
Once you've got it,
it's sitting there.
And then people
consider it's theirs.
So one of them rolled
into the ocean,
but they always--
they know it's there.
And that belongs to so and so.
>>REGINA: So and so.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Who
creates their disk?
>>LARSON: I don't think
they're still doing this.
>>REGINA: When they did this,
who would create the disk?
>>LARSON: I think
it was a person who
had that job, a stone carver.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
I mean, but then,
how did they acquire them,
do you know what I mean?
>>LARSON: How did
the whole process go?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LARSON: I saw them.
I actually visited Yap
when I was a young girl.
And these stones were
towering over me.
Like, wow, this is big.
>>REGINA: They're that big?
>>LARSON: Huge, yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>LARSON: So it's not
currently in use at this time.
But there was a period of time
when even portions of the coins
would be known to be, well,
I've got this little imaginary--
>>REGINA: Like a
mark on the coin?
>>LARSON: Right.
Like, this part of it's
mine and my family's.
And so it would stay
with the family.
>>REGINA: Could you use
it for barter, though?
>>LARSON: You could
use it for barter.
>>REGINA: So this-- you'd make a
notation or a mark on the stone
that this is someone
else's part of my stone?
>>LARSON: I didn't see
any marks on the stones,
but you can mark the stone, and
I think that would be helpful.
And then also, just
agree, like, we all know--
>>REGINA: Otherwise, it's just--
the bookkeeping's in your head.
>>LARSON: A lot of it
would be common agreement,
and there wouldn't
be too many of these.
>>REGINA: I mean, I just--
[LAUGHTER]
>>LARSON: It was funny.
>>REGINA: We do it a
lot of different ways.
OK, so here's another area.
And that is, you do
this little meditation.
It's about having a windfall.
What happens if you
were to have a windfall?
And I bring it up
because lottery winners--
you know, that's often
a windfall for people.
And oftentimes they'll be
broke within a few years.
This is the most common--
would you say the stats
are like 2/3 of the people
will be broke again, even
having to declare bankruptcy,
worse off than they
were initially,
within five years' time?
>>LARSON: So they
probably weren't
doing, "How good can it get?"
If you use that
optimizing focus,
then you'll be guided
toward continued prosperity.
But it's easy, I
think, for people
when they get that windfall
to not factor in what's
going to happen with taxes,
and everybody flocking to them,
and everybody now is--
you're their best friend.
And can you please help them?
>>REGINA: The psychological
version of that--
>>LARSON: Yeah, it's huge.
I think part of it
is just getting back
to what they feel is normal.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So now you're going
to do it and model it
for us in a different way.
And you have a meditation
in the book that
is the windfall meditation.
What happens if you receive
an unexpected windfall?
So tell us about this.
>>LARSON: OK, well, I
can't quote the book.
I didn't bring--
>>REGINA: No, you
don't have to quote it.
But just the general feeling
of what happens then.
>>LARSON: Well,
personally, what I
would do right now is just start
with feeling of gratitude--
just feel really
blessed about that
and recognize that this is an
invitation to changing my life.
And based on the size of the
windfall, this can be a shock.
So if it's a huge
windfall, then I
know I need to just take
some step back, observe
the whole thing, and just
be in the presence of it.
This is really good advice.
Any time something big changes,
give yourself some time
and allow yourself to feel
what you really feel about it.
So you may have
thought you wanted it,
you may have thought you needed
it, that's your thinking.
How do you really feel about it?
And for that, you might
need a little bit of time
for it to sink in.
And then, do you really need?
And this gets really deep.
So giving yourself some time and
some permission to recognize,
OK, now I've got this windfall.
And maybe it is huge.
That's a shock to the system.
And so--
>>REGINA: Because
it brings a whole--
it brings some
potential joys and also
a lot of responsibilities
that one's never
been faced with before.
>>LARSON: Right.
And so then it's good when you--
I just apply, "How good
can it get?" to everything.
Because part of how good can it
get when I get a huge windfall,
then I recognize,
I'll need a team,
because I can't
do this all alone.
There is responsibility.
And previously, I might
have been doing everything
on my own.
But now, what's it
going to look like now?
How do I manage
this going forward?
And I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm not assuming that
I know the answers.
>>REGINA: Right, but we
have to start, just, looking
at what that feels like.
And now this happens
in a more common way
all the time, every day,
where people inherit money
from the previous generation who
maybe was good at manifesting
or worked hard or whatever
and created something
that could be passed on.
That's not happening
so much anymore.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: That's going away.
It has gone away
to a large extent.
But it's still occurring
where someone inherits,
but they're inheriting
from a person that
may have had a completely
different relationship
to money.
>>LARSON: Exactly.
>>REGINA: You may be broke
and you suddenly inherit--
I don't know, maybe $500,000
or $600,000, you know?
>>LARSON: Right.
It can be sizable.
>>REGINA: Yeah, sizable.
And then--
>>LARSON: And you may
not have the experience
to deal with that because there
are implications for taxes
and so forth.
And so it's important to
get a team, definitely,
at that point--
get some good advice.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And I've heard people
talk about this--
that they say as much as
we like to demonize people
at high levels of finance,
people who've manifested
on large levels, for example--
because not all of them
were like J Paul Getty.
A lot of them have a lot
of joy in the acquisition.
It's a game.
They just like the game.
>>LARSON: Exactly.
Right.
>>REGINA: And we look at
that as well, how greedy.
More than anybody could
use for seven generations
type of thing, right?
But on the other
hand, I think it's
important around the
subject to acknowledge
that it's a skill set.
That person has
developed that skill set.
Other people develop
other skill sets
that are absolutely beautiful
and needed in the world.
But we put so much prominence
around the acquisition
of physical wealth.
>>LARSON: There's a lot
of emotional baggage
that goes with it.
>>REGINA: Because there's have,
have not, more, less, good,
not good enough, and that
kind of thing back and forth
all the time.
So I think that to stop kind
of judging and demonizing
those who do have extreme wealth
just because they have it,
and not guess at how
they got it or why,
and take yourself out of
that matrix of comparison,
I would think, would
be very important.
>>LARSON: This is a big idea.
Again, it's who are we?
What's our identity?
And it gets into us and
them and this entanglement,
again, of how do we
draw these boundaries?
And how do we see ourselves
in relationship to others?
>>REGINA: OK, but
now, in here, too, we
start getting back
to this timeline.
You talk in the book
about remembering
a prosperous or happy event and
how this thing from the past
comes through what we
perceive as the present
and starts affecting the future.
But the future may be
speaking to you, too.
So talk about this.
>>LARSON: Well--
>>REGINA: This
remembrance into--
remembering your
prosperity, so to speak.
>>LARSON: Remembering
your future.
>>REGINA: Remembering
>>LARSON: That is a
great thing to do.
Because you can start feeling
grateful for your future,
even if you haven't had it yet.
But sometimes that's
hard to do for people
who don't feel like they
have much to be grateful for.
So you can jump start it
by remembering something
that you're grateful for in
the past and then charge it up.
If you will.
Because that gratitude
is high-octane stuff.
It's like rocket fuel, and it
can really get you into places
that you've never been.
So when you
visualize your future
and are grateful
for your future,
it's a way of playing
with your meditations.
>>REGINA: So this is
exemplified in another book
from an author-- a brand
new one called "The Miracle
Club" by a man named Mitch
Horowitz, who I recently
interviewed.
I've interviewed him I
think three or four times.
And what he's
saying in there is,
when you sit down to do
this kind of gratitude
or this kind of meditation
into the future,
a lot of times you don't have
the proper attitude going.
You don't have the
right juju going.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And he's saying
the exact same thing.
Go to the past and
remember something joyful,
something exquisite,
even just something fun--
bring that energy up so it's
running up through your being,
then start your meditation.
>>LARSON: Exactly.
>>REGINA: You can't do it
from a depressed place.
It simply isn't going to work.
>>LARSON: That's right.
Well, it will bring
negative results.
>>REGINA: Do you
have any examples
of that-- of people
or situations
you know of where they
just pray, and then do
the rituals everyday, and
things don't manifest,
and they actually
talk to you about it?
>>LARSON: I work
with lots of clients.
And that's often a
common situation,
where they're feeling like
things are just not good.
It's not just money, either.
It affects everything.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I mean,
they're working their tail off.
They're doing their
meditations on a daily basis.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And they, say how come
this whole thing doesn't work?
I've done my collage.
I look at it every day.
>>LARSON: Right.
So again, to me, it's
identity, and it's observation,
and it's the influence
that we have as observers.
But if you're entangled with
this sadness and this feeling
of grief, loss, hardship--
just being left out, this
whole concept of us and them,
and nowadays there's
so much of that--
the whole us-them thing
going on-- that people feel
threatened.
And so there's a lot of
hardship going on right now.
>>REGINA: Yes, indeed.
One of the things
I did for years--
and I've said this in
another show or two probably,
but I'll just bring it up
again if someone didn't see it.
Because I think it does matter.
It's this whole notion of
making your collage, your vision
board of what you want.
And I used to do
this all the time.
25 years ago, I was doing that.
And I'd have friends over, and
we'd do it on New Year's Eve.
And the point was,
I give everyone
who wanted it a
glass of champagne,
told them bring their
glue sticks, and scissors,
and their piles of magazines.
And when we sat down, I said,
you know, I can tell you how--
one way I find that's effective
to do this thing, which
almost no one heard, but I'd
say it every year the same.
And that is, when you're
going through your images,
don't stop and analyze them with
the left side of your brain.
Do not analyze that picture
or why you're drawn to it.
Don't do that.
Or, oh, yes, I generally
like things that are yellow.
No, don't do that.
Go through very quickly--
go through.
And it's like,
[GASP],, tear it out.
And you know, just
anything that's
like, ugh, yes, that
excites you, tear it out.
>>LARSON: Because then,
it's not just you're head.
You're getting your heart.
You're getting your gut.
You're getting the full body.
>>REGINA: You're
getting the full thing.
You're even getting
little whisperings
from the higher mind.
>>LARSON: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And so all
this is coming through
if it's spontaneous.
And that's why I said, little,
champagne, it's like, ooh!
>>LARSON: Yes, yes, yes.
>>REGINA: And so what would
happen is, each year, it
was kind of a similar thing.
Most of the things on my
board would come to pass.
It didn't matter
how kooky they were.
They'd just come to pass.
Because they were just done
in that spirit of fun--
and just kind of a quick desire,
and I loved it, and weird--
>>LARSON: Playfulness.
>>REGINA: Every kind
of gift would come.
I mean, it didn't
matter if I put--
a woman riding a horse, someone
under the water, a piano--
it would all come in gifts
from different people
in the weirdest situations.
So I'm just validating,
like, you're pulling money
out of your wallet and such.
I've experienced
this many, many times
as a result of that
simple, joyful desire.
And people really squash
the notion of desire, right?
>>LARSON: Right.
But I think people
are waking up to it.
This is the reason I'm talking
about the Mandela effect
so much, because people
are noticing globally
that things are changing.
And I believe that
nature works that way--
that we live in this
highly improbable reality
because these shifts
are happening.
And we are, actually,
in alignment with them.
>>REGINA: And we're creating
alternate realities for ourself
all the time--
>>LARSON: Yes, all the time.
>>REGINA: --in that
super position.
>>LARSON: It's not
just two timelines.
Because sometimes
people feel like,
well, I'm in a timeline
with this or that.
>>REGINA: You brought
a little prop with you.
>>LARSON: I did.
>>REGINA: They only have like,
oh, I don't five or seven
minutes left or something.
Let's play with
this just so we can
see what you're talking about.
>>LARSON: So this is
what I'm talking about.
I'm covering over the name.
>>REGINA: We all know
these guys, right?
>>LARSON: Yes, we
know these guys.
>>REGINA: We know this family.
It's the Berenstein.
Family, right?
>>LARSON: Right, that's
how I pronounce it.
But then if I take my fingers
away, we see the reveal--
it's the Berenstein.
Bears.
>>REGINA: Right.
Not one person would
ever say anything other
than what I just said.
>>LARSON: Berenstein.
>>REGINA: It's the
Berenstain family.
>>LARSON: Which makes no
sense when there's an A-I-N.
You don't say Bear-en-steen.
>>REGINA: You would say
"Bear-en-stain" family.
>>LARSON: Bear-en-stain.
>>REGINA: But it never has been.
What happened there?
>>LARSON: This is what
I'm talking about.
>>REGINA: First of all, you
can tell people very briefly--
we're not going to have time.
We did this in our last show.
The Mandela effect.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: What started
it, why it has its name,
and what just happened
with the Berenstain.
Family there?
>>LARSON: Well this
actually is the same thing
that I've been studying with
reality shifts for 20 years.
But I did not have the ability
when I started in the 1990s
to be tracking globally
with thousands of people
that all remember
the same thing.
So we're getting larger and
larger numbers of people
through the internet capable
of trading experiences
and finding out that
something's changed.
So there's an alternate
history other than what
we remember that
now has affected
every single book, every
single movie, every item--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>REGINA: Yes.
Why is it called
the Mandela effect?
>>LARSON: OK, this was a
term coined by Fiona Broome,
and she had gone to a
conference and found out
that many people who
attended all remembered
that Nelson Mandela had died in
prison when he was incarcerated
in South Africa, which
is something I've written
about many years earlier back
in the 1990s about Larry Hagman
in my book "Reality Shifts."
I cover that-- that he was
alive again after having died.
But now, we've got blogs.
That did not exist in the 1990s
when I started tracking this.
And so, now, we've
got the ability
through sites like Reddit to
start noticing lots of people
also remember this.
And it's not just
Nelson Mandela,
but he was one of the first.
So it's called "Mandela
effect," meaning--
it's a global kind
of a reality shift
that doesn't affect everyone.
And technically, it's
called "misremembering."
What I'm saying is
that it's explained
by all of the things
we've been talking
about-- by quantum effects
that are happening everywhere.
There is no quantum realm.
We can literally see
history change, and we do.
And this is what I write about.
>>REGINA: And so in some
timeline, he was dead.
>>LARSON: Right.
>>REGINA: And that's
what they talked about.
That's what was
in the newspapers.
That's what everyone remembers.
>>LARSON: It was on TV.
And there was--
>>REGINA: But then
he was not dead.
>>LARSON: Right.
In this reality that's
currently the official history,
as far as I know--
these things do change--
but right now, he was released.
He had a huge epiphany
when he was incarcerated.
He came out a changed
man, became as a leader,
he was president, all of that.
>>REGINA: Now let's talk
about the Berenstains.
The writers, the authors
the creators, were who?
>>LARSON: Now-- well, I
remember they were "Berenstein."
>>REGINA: That's
what I remember.
>>LARSON: Yes.
And now, it's "Berenstain."
>>REGINA: And they say that's
always been their name?
>>LARSON: They say it's
always been "the Berenstain."
They're feeling there's so much
fuss about this Mandela thing.
And as far as they know, it's
always been "Berenstain."
And this is what I mean.
You'll encounter
people who remember--
you'll remember your
childhood very clearly,
and they were
there, too, but you
remember two different things.
This is what I've been
studying with "Reality Shift,"
so now, we're experiencing
it on a global scale.
>>REGINA: Indeed.
Well, that was in our
previous conversation,
so people can look for it.
We only have a couple
of minutes left.
And there was another little
example in your book I loved.
It's on gambling.
That's not normally good
financial planning, right?
However, this one gambler
that you either know
or encountered who's
a successful gambler
has this one practice.
He only goes to
high-energy tables.
Talk about what that means
compared to the other tables.
>>LARSON: Oh, this is huge.
And I've used this when
I was on a cruise ship
and didn't bring--
and again, forgot
to bring enough money
for tipping the staff.
What is this with me?
I don't know.
It's a thing.
But he's right.
So I don't know this gambler,
but he would look just
for the high-energy tables
because that's where
you're going to be winning.
If you can sense
energy, some people
use dowsing tools to find it,
so you can learn to dowse.
Anybody can learn to do that.
I can dowse with my
hands and with my energy
field, no problem.
So when I was on the
cruise ship myself,
I just went around and found
the high-energy slot machines
so that we were able to--
I was with a roommate,
and we filled our cup
to the exact right amount
for the tipping again--
this time with gambling.
Right.
>>REGINA: It totally works.
And so the point
is, he would notice
where there were people who
were desperate at a table.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: Who were
sitting there like this,
like gotta win this hand.
>>LARSON: That's another guy--
>>REGINA: Gotta win this hand.
>>LARSON: Yes.
>>REGINA: And when
he saw those tables,
he walked away from those
because it says, saturated
in desperation and fear.
If someone was rolling the dice,
having a good time, it's like,
that's--
>>LARSON: That's'
where you want to be.
>>REGINA: That's where you
want to be because that's
where the energy comes in.
And that's where the
prosperity comes through.
>>LARSON: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Right?
>>LARSON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: The window
it comes through.
>>LARSON: You can feel it.
You can really feel it.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Well, we only
have like a minute left.
And gratitude, as
you say, is huge.
>>LARSON: It is.
>>REGINA: To say thank
you for what I do have,
thank you, thank
you, I know I'm OK.
>>LARSON: And taking
a little step back,
just observing that
you're not your thoughts.
You're not your feelings.
You can observe all of that.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>LARSON: This is the key to
consciousness itself to just be
aware that you're
able to observe--
have a perception of something
and have the awareness
of the perception.
This is what life
needs originally
postulated as to the
definition of consciousness.
>>REGINA: So don't become
entangled in your own story.
>>LARSON: That's right.
>>REGINA: It's just a story.
>>LARSON: It's a story.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And that level of--
>>LARSON: Everything can change
in a second for the better.
>>REGINA: It can.
And on that note, I think
that's the perfect finish.
I love it.
I love that you wrote--
it's a little book.
You wrote it quite
a while back, but I
was digging through all
your books and thought,
I want to do that.
Because we need to
really shift on this one
big time, as individuals
and collectively.
And I love what you did.
It's accessible.
And I think this
conversation took us
to some really good places.
>>LARSON: Thank you so much.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Thank you so much, Cynthia.
Again, the name of Cynthia's
book is "High Energy Money."
It's a fun read it.
It gives some very
useful exercises.
But you have to be willing
to put a little time
and passion into the process
like we just talked about.
It requires a little unearthing.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[OUTRO MUSIC]